Add scroll blocking for specific element (#37)
sandstreamdev/react-swipeable-list: README.md

## SwipeableList Props

### scrollElement

Type: `EventTarget`

> Required to block swipe during scrolling outside of list e.g. set to `window` to block swiping during body scroll.

Reviewer: Consider rewording this:

```suggestion
Required to block swipe during scroll outside of the `SwipeableList` e.g. set to `window.document` to block swipes during body scroll.
```
